Add JRuby examples in READMEs (#16948)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.energidataservice/README.md

:::

::: tab JRuby

```ruby

> energi = things["energidataservice:service:energidataservice"]

Reviewer: I don't know JRuby, but it seems like you can directly access actions from a Thing reference, so I understand that the "Actions" suffix used for other languages doesn't make sense here - correct? But perhaps we could still reuse the abbreviation `eds` (for Energi Data Service) rather than `energi` (English: energy)?

Author: > it seems like you can directly access actions from a Thing reference, so I understand that the "Actions" suffix used for other languages doesn't make sense here - correct?

Correct.

> perhaps we could still reuse the abbreviation eds (for Energi Data Service) rather than energi (English: energy)?

I'll change it to `eds`

price_map = energi.get_prices
hour_start = ZonedDateTime.now.to_instant.truncated_to(ChronoUnit::HOURS)
logger.info "Current total price excl. VAT: #{price_map[hour_start]}"

price_map = energi.get_prices("SpotPrice,GridTariff")
logger.info "Current spot price + grid tariff excl. VAT: #{price_map[hour_start]}"

> price = energi.calculate_price(Instant.now, 1.hour.from_now.to_instant, 150 | "W")

Reviewer 2: why `ZonedDateTime.now.to_instant` above, but `Instant.now` her?

Author: Good catch, the above should be Instant.now too.

:::

::: tab JRuby

```ruby

> two_hours_from_now = 2.hours.from_now.truncated_to(ChronoUnit::HOURS)

Reviewer: Minor, but it's not two hours from now since truncated. Perhaps following the variable name of other language example will be simplest?
```suggestion
hour_start = 2.hours.from_now.truncated_to(ChronoUnit::HOURS)
```

Author: changed

> price = SpotPrice.persisted_state(two_hours_from_now)

Reviewer 2: where does `SpotPrice` come from?

Author: It's an item, as per the examples from the other languages

Reviewer 2: 🤦  I was thinking it was an Action, and was wonder how the constant got imported into Ruby, since we don't put them in the top level namespace.
